INT-3300: Update doc links to point to version 7 (#513)
tinymce/tinymce-react: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

## Fixed

> - Updated links in the readme to point to the correct TinyMCE 7 documentation. #INT-3300

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated links in the readme to point to the latest TinyMCE documentation. #INT-3300
```

Reviewer 2: I don't know if we even need a changelog for this 🤷‍♂️

Author: I've removed the changelog entry
